Update CLI to recover expired client for SDK 46 updates to gov module (#2301)
cosmos/ibc-go: docs/ibc/proposals.md

### Step 2

If the chain has been updated to ibc-go >= v1.1.0, anyone can submit the governance proposal to recover the client by executing this via CLI.

> Note that the Cosmos SDK has updated how governance proposals are submitted in SDK v0.46, now requiring to pass a .json proposal file

- Starting SDK v0.46.x

  ```

>   <binary> tx gov submit-proposal [path-to-proposal-json]

Author: We should probably add the `proposal.json` right?

  ```

  Alternatively there's a legacy command (that is no longer recommended though):

  ```
  <binary> tx gov submit-legacy-proposal update-client <expired-client-id> <active-client-id>
  ```

- Until SDK v0.45.x
  ```
  <binary> tx gov submit-proposal update-client <expired-client-id> <active-client-id>
  ```

>   The `<expired-client-id>` identifier is the proposed client to be updated. This client must be either frozen or expired.

Author: Alignment needs to be fixed

### Step 2

If the chain has been updated to ibc-go >= v1.1.0, anyone can submit the governance proposal to recover the client by executing this via CLI.

> Note that the Cosmos SDK has updated how governance proposals are submitted in SDK v0.46, now requiring to pass a .json proposal file

- From SDK v0.46.x onwards

  ```
  <binary> tx gov submit-proposal [path-to-proposal-json]
  ```

  where `proposal.json` contains:

  ```json
  {
    "messages": [
      {
        "@type": "/ibc.core.client.v1.ClientUpdateProposal",
        "title": "title_string",
        "description": "description_string",
        "subject_client_id": "expired_client_id_string",
        "substitute_client_id": "active_client_id_string"
      }
    ],
    "metadata": "<metadata>",
    "deposit": "10stake"

>   }

Author: Not sure if this is correct, if anyone can review..

  ```

  Alternatively there's a legacy command (that is no longer recommended though):

  ```
  <binary> tx gov submit-legacy-proposal update-client <expired-client-id> <active-client-id>
  ```

- Until SDK v0.45.x
  ```
  <binary> tx gov submit-proposal update-client <expired-client-id> <active-client-id>
  ```

The `<expired-client-id>` identifier is the proposed client to be updated. This client must be either frozen or expired.

> The `<active-client-id>` represents a substitute client. It carries all the state for the client which may be updated. It must have identitical client and chain parameters to the client which may be updated (except for latest height, frozen height, and chain-id). It should be continually updated during the voting period.

Reviewer: nit: 
```suggestion
The `<active-client-id>` represents a substitute client. It carries all the state for the client which may be updated. It must have identical client and chain parameters to the client which may be updated (except for latest height, frozen height, and chain ID). It should be continually updated during the voting period.
```

> After this, all that remains is who funds the governance deposit and if governance propsosal passes. If it does, the client on trial will be updated to the latest state of the substitute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After this, all that remains is deciding who funds the governance deposit and ensuring the governance proposal passes. If it does, the client on trial will be updated to the latest state of the substitute.
```
